.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- 
Do you have a question instead of a bug report or enhancement request? Please ask it on https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/visual-studio-code+python. 

Unable to install a linter or formatter? 'No installers available'? 
Windows - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4750806/how-do-i-install-pip-on-windows
Linux - https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/debian-ubuntu-centos-rhel-linux-install-pipclient/ , https://www.tecmint.com/install-pip-in-linux/

Python configuration issues? Please check https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-tutorial#_prerequisites
-->

## Environment data

- VS Code version: <fill in>
- Python Extension version: <fill in>
- OS and version: <fill in>
- Python Version: <fill in>
- Relevant/affected Python packages and their versions: <fill in>

## Actual behavior

## Expected  behavior

## Steps to reproduce:  
- <fill in>
- <fill in>

## Logs
Output for `Python` in the `Output` panel (`View`→`Output`, change the drop-down the upper-right of the `Output` panel to `Python`)

```
<fill in>
```   

Output from `Console` under the `Developer Tools` panel (toggle Developer Tools on under `Help`)

```
<fill in>
```

Commit message:

Ask people for their virtual environment details

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- 
Do you have a question instead of a bug report or enhancement request? Please ask it on https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/visual-studio-code+python. 

Unable to install a linter or formatter? 'No installers available'? 
Windows - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4750806/how-do-i-install-pip-on-windows
Linux - https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/debian-ubuntu-centos-rhel-linux-install-pipclient/ , https://www.tecmint.com/install-pip-in-linux/

Python configuration issues? Please check https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-tutorial#_prerequisites

Otherwise **please** fill in the requested details below. "XXX" markers should not be present in the final bug report.
-->

## Environment data

- VS Code version: < XXX >
- Extension version (available under the Extensions sidebar): < XXX >
- OS and version: < XXX >
- Python version: < XXX; include the distribution details if applicable, e.g. Anaconda >
- Type of virtual environment used (if applicable): < XXX: N/A | venv | virtualenv | conda | ... >
- Relevant/affected Python packages and their versions: < XXX >

## Actual behavior

< XXX >

## Expected  behavior

< XXX >

## Steps to reproduce:
1. < XXX >

## Logs
Output for `Python` in the `Output` panel (`View`→`Output`, change the drop-down the upper-right of the `Output` panel to `Python`)

```
< XXX >
```   

Output from `Console` under the `Developer Tools` panel (toggle Developer Tools on under `Help`)

```
< XXX >
```
