CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Python extension for Visual Studio Code




---

| `release` branch | `master` branch | Nightly CI | coverage (`master` branch) |
|-|-|-|-|
| [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_apis/build/status/CI?branchName=release)](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_build/latest?definitionId=88&branchName=release) | [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_apis/build/status/CI?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_build/latest?definitionId=88&branchName=master) | [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_apis/build/status/Nightly%20Build?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_build/latest?definitionId=85&branchName=master) | [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/vscode-python/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/vscode-python) |

[[Development build](https://pvsc.blob.core.windows.net/extension-builds/ms-python-insiders.vsix)]

---

[For contributing to the [Microsoft Python Language Server](https://github.com/Microsoft/python-language-server) see its own repo; for [ptvsd](https://github.com/microsoft/ptvsd) see its own repo]

## Contributing a pull request

### Prerequisites

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 12.x
1. [Python](https://www.python.org/) 2.7 or later
1. Windows, macOS, or Linux
1. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
1. The following VS Code extensions:
    * [TSLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-typescript-tslint-plugin)
    * [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
    * [EditorConfig for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig)
1. Have an issue which has a "needs PR" label (feel free to indicate you would like to provide a PR for the issue so others don't work on it as well)

### Setup

```shell
git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python
cd vscode-python
npm ci
python3 -m venv .venv
# Activate the virtual environment as appropriate for your shell, For example, on bash it's ...
source .venv/bin/activate
# The Python code in the extension is formatted using Black.
python3 -m pip install black
# Install Python dependencies using `python3`.
# If you want to use a different interpreter then specify it in the
# CI_PYTHON_PATH environment variable.
npx gulp installPythonLibs
```
If you see warnings that `The engine "vscode" appears to be invalid.`, you can ignore these.

### Incremental Build

Run the `Compile` and `Hygiene` build Tasks from the [Run Build Task...](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks) command picker (short cut `CTRL+SHIFT+B` or `⇧⌘B`). This will leave build and hygiene tasks running in the background and which will re-run as files are edited and saved. You can see the output from either task in the Terminal panel (use the selector to choose which output to look at).

You can also compile from the command-line. For a full compile you can use:
```shell
npx gulp prePublishNonBundle
```

For incremental builds you can use the following commands depending on your needs:
```shell
npm run compile
npm run compile-webviews-watch # For data science (React Code)
```

Sometimes you will need to run `npm run clean` and even `rm -r out`.
This is especially true if you have added or removed files.

### Errors and Warnings

TypeScript errors and warnings will be displayed in the `Problems` window of Visual Studio Code.

### Run dev build and validate your changes

To test changes, open the `vscode-python` folder in VSCode, and select the workspace titled `vscode`.
Then, open the debug panel by clicking the `Run and Debug` icon on the sidebar, select the `Extension`
option from the top menu, and click start. A new window will launch with the title
`[Extension Development Host]`.

### Running Unit Tests

Note: Unit tests are those in files with extension `.unit.test.ts`.

1. Make sure you have compiled all code (done automatically when using incremental building)
1. Ensure you have disabled breaking into 'Uncaught Exceptions' when running the Unit Tests
1. For the linters and formatters tests to pass successfully, you will need to have those corresponding Python libraries installed locally
1. Run the Tests via the `Unit Tests`  launch option.

You can also run them from the command-line (after compiling):

```shell
npm run test:unittests  # runs all unit tests
npm run test:unittests -- --grep='<NAME-OF-SUITE>'
```

*To run only a specific test suite for unit tests:*
Alter the `launch.json` file in the `"Debug Unit Tests"` section by setting the `grep` field:

```js
    "args": [
        "--timeout=60000",
        "--grep", "<suite name>"
    ],
```
...this will only run the suite with the tests you care about during a test run (be sure to set the debugger to run the `Debug Unit Tests` launcher).

### Running Functional Tests

Functional tests are those in files with extension `.functional.test.ts`.
These tests are similar to system tests in scope, but are run like unit tests.

You can run functional tests in a similar way to that for unit tests:

* via the "Functional Tests" launch option, or
* on the command line via `npm run test:functional`

### Running System Tests

Note: System tests are those in files with extension `.test*.ts` but which are neither `.functional.test.ts` nor `.unit.test.ts`.

1. Make sure you have compiled all code (done automatically when using incremental building)
1. Ensure you have disabled breaking into 'Uncaught Exceptions' when running the Unit Tests
1. For the linters and formatters tests to pass successfully, you will need to have those corresponding Python libraries installed locally by using the `./requirements.txt` and `build/test-requirements.txt` files
1. Run the tests via `npm run` or the Debugger launch options (you can "Start Without Debugging").
1. **Note** you will be running tests under the default Python interpreter for the system.

*Change the version of python the tests are executed with by setting the `CI_PYTHON_PATH`.*

Tests will be executed using the system default interpreter (whatever that is for your local machine), unless you explicitly set the `CI_PYTHON_PATH` environment variable. To test against different versions of Python you *must* use this.

In the launch.json file, you can add the following to the appropriate configuration you want to run to easily change the interpreter used during testing:

```js
    "env":{
        "CI_PYTHON_PATH": "/absolute/path/to/interpreter/of/choice/python"
    }
```

You can also run the tests from the command-line (after compiling):

```shell
npm run testSingleWorkspace  # will launch the VSC UI
npm run testMultiWorkspace  # will launch the VSC UI
```
...note this will use the Python interpreter that your current shell is making use of, no need to set `CI_PYTHON_PATH` here.

*To limit system tests to a specific suite*

If you are running system tests (we call them *system* tests, others call them *integration* or otherwise) and you wish to run a specific test suite, edit the `src/test/index.ts` file here:

https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/b328ba12331ed34a267e32e77e3e4b1eff235c13/src/test/index.ts#L21

...and identify the test suite you want to run/debug like this:

```ts
const grep = '[The suite name of your *test.ts file]'; // IS_CI_SERVER &&...
```
...and then use the `Launch Tests` debugger launcher. This will run only the suite you name in the grep.

And be sure to escape any grep-sensitive characters in your suite name (and to remove the change from src/test/index.ts before you submit).

### Testing Python Scripts

The extension has a number of scripts in ./pythonFiles.  Tests for these
scripts are found in ./pythonFiles/tests.  To run those tests:

* `python2.7 pythonFiles/tests/run_all.py`
* `python3 -m pythonFiles.tests`

By default, functional tests are included.  To exclude them:

`python3 -m pythonFiles.tests --no-functional`

To run only the functional tests:

`python3 -m pythonFiles.tests --functional`

### Standard Debugging

Clone the repo into any directory, open that directory in VSCode, and use the `Extension` launch option within VSCode.

### Debugging the Python Extension Debugger

The easiest way to debug the Python Debugger (in our opinion) is to clone this git repo directory into [your](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/install-extension#_your-extensions-folder) extensions directory.
From there use the ```Extension + Debugger``` launch option.

### Coding Standards

Information on our coding standards can be found [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.md).
We have CI tests to ensure the code committed will adhere to the above coding standards. *You can run this locally by executing the command `npx gulp precommit` or use the `precommit` Task.

Messages displayed to the user must be localized using/created constants from/in the [localize.ts](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/src/client/common/utils/localize.ts) file.

## Development process

To effectively contribute to this extension, it helps to know how its
development process works. That way you know not only why the
project maintainers do what they do to keep this project running
smoothly, but it allows you to help out by noticing when a step is
missed or to learn in case someday you become a project maintainer as
well!

### Helping others

First and foremost, we try to be helpful to users of the extension.
We monitor
[Stack Overflow questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/visual-studio-code+python)
to see where people might need help. We also try to respond to all
issues in some way in a timely manner (typically in less than one
business day, definitely no more than a week). We also answer
questions that reach us in other ways, e.g. Twitter.

For pull requests, we aim to review any externally contributed PR no later
than the next sprint from when it was submitted (see
[Release Cycle](#release-cycle) below for our sprint schedule).

### Release cycle

Planning is done as two week sprints. We start a sprint every other Wednesday.
You can look at the newest
[milestone](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/milestones) to see when
the current sprint ends. All
[P0](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/P0) issues are expected
to be fixed in the current sprint, else the next release will be blocked.
[P1](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/P1) issues are a
top-priority and we try to close before the next release. All other issues are
considered best-effort for that sprint.

The extension aims to do a new release every four weeks (two sprints). A
[release plan](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/release%20plan)
is created for each release to help track anything that requires a
person to do (long-term this project aims to automate as much of the
development process as possible).

All development is actively done in the `master` branch of the
repository. This allows us to have a
[development build](#development-build) which is expected to be stable at
all times. Once we reach a release candidate, it becomes
our [release branch](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python/branches).
At that point only what is in the release branch will make it into the next
release.

### Issue triaging

#### Classifying issues

To help actively track what stage
[issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/issues)
are at, various labels are used. The following label types are expected to
be set on all open issues (otherwise the issue is not considered triaged):

1. `needs`/`triage`/`classify`
1. `feature`
1. `type`

These labels cover what is blocking the issue from closing, what is affected by
the issue, and what kind of issue it is. (The `feature` label should be `feature-*` if the issue doesn't fit into any other `feature` label appropriately.)

It is also very important to make the title accurate. People often write very brief, quick titles or ones that describe what they think the problem is. By updating the title to be appropriately descriptive for what _you_ think the issue is, you not only make finding older issues easier, but you also help make sure that you and the original reporter agree on what the issue is.

#### Post-classification

Once an issue has been appropriately classified, there are two keys ways to help out. One is to go through open issues that
have a merged fix and verify that the fix did in fact work. The other is to try to fix issues marked as `needs PR`.

### Pull requests

Key details that all pull requests are expected to handle should be
in the [pull request template](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md). We do expect CI to be passing for a pull request before we will consider merging it.

### Versioning

Starting in 2018, the extension switched to
[calendar versioning](http://calver.org/) since the extension
auto-updates and thus there is no need to track its version
number for backwards-compatibility. In 2020, the extension switched to
having the the major version be the year of release, the minor version the
release count for that year, and the build number is a number that increments
for every build.
For example the first release made in 2020 is `2020.1.<build number>`.

## Releasing

Overall steps for releasing are covered in the
[release plan](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/release%20plan)
([template](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/.github/release_plan.md)).


### Building a release

To create a release _build_, follow the steps outlined in the [release plan](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/release%20plan) (which has a [template](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/.github/release_plan.md)).

## Development Build

We publish the latest development
build of the extension onto a cloud storage provider.
If you are interested in helping us test our development builds or would like
to stay ahead of the curve, then please feel free to download and install the
extension from the following
[location](https://pvsc.blob.core.windows.net/extension-builds/ms-python-insiders.vsix).
Once you have downloaded the
[ms-python-insiders.vsix](https://pvsc.blob.core.windows.net/extension-builds/ms-python-insiders.vsix)
file, please follow the instructions on
[this page](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_install-from-a-vsix)
to install the extension.

The development build of the extension:

* Will be replaced with new releases published onto the
  [VS Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/VSCode).
* Does not get updated with new development builds of the extension (if you want to
  test a newer development build, uninstall the old version of the
  extension and then install the new version)
* Is built every time a PR is committed into the [`master` branch](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python).

Commit message:

Update dev build instructions to mention "python.insidersChannel"

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the Python extension for Visual Studio Code




---

| `release` branch | `master` branch | Nightly CI | coverage (`master` branch) |
|-|-|-|-|
| [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_apis/build/status/CI?branchName=release)](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_build/latest?definitionId=88&branchName=release) | [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_apis/build/status/CI?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_build/latest?definitionId=88&branchName=master) | [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_apis/build/status/Nightly%20Build?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ms/vscode-python/_build/latest?definitionId=85&branchName=master) | [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/vscode-python/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/vscode-python) |

[[Development build](https://pvsc.blob.core.windows.net/extension-builds/ms-python-insiders.vsix)]

---

[For contributing to the [Microsoft Python Language Server](https://github.com/Microsoft/python-language-server) see its own repo; for [ptvsd](https://github.com/microsoft/ptvsd) see its own repo]

## Contributing a pull request

### Prerequisites

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 12.x
1. [Python](https://www.python.org/) 2.7 or later
1. Windows, macOS, or Linux
1. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
1. The following VS Code extensions:
    * [TSLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-typescript-tslint-plugin)
    * [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
    * [EditorConfig for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig)
1. Have an issue which has a "needs PR" label (feel free to indicate you would like to provide a PR for the issue so others don't work on it as well)

### Setup

```shell
git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python
cd vscode-python
npm ci
python3 -m venv .venv
# Activate the virtual environment as appropriate for your shell, For example, on bash it's ...
source .venv/bin/activate
# The Python code in the extension is formatted using Black.
python3 -m pip install black
# Install Python dependencies using `python3`.
# If you want to use a different interpreter then specify it in the
# CI_PYTHON_PATH environment variable.
npx gulp installPythonLibs
```
If you see warnings that `The engine "vscode" appears to be invalid.`, you can ignore these.

### Incremental Build

Run the `Compile` and `Hygiene` build Tasks from the [Run Build Task...](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks) command picker (short cut `CTRL+SHIFT+B` or `⇧⌘B`). This will leave build and hygiene tasks running in the background and which will re-run as files are edited and saved. You can see the output from either task in the Terminal panel (use the selector to choose which output to look at).

You can also compile from the command-line. For a full compile you can use:
```shell
npx gulp prePublishNonBundle
```

For incremental builds you can use the following commands depending on your needs:
```shell
npm run compile
npm run compile-webviews-watch # For data science (React Code)
```

Sometimes you will need to run `npm run clean` and even `rm -r out`.
This is especially true if you have added or removed files.

### Errors and Warnings

TypeScript errors and warnings will be displayed in the `Problems` window of Visual Studio Code.

### Run dev build and validate your changes

To test changes, open the `vscode-python` folder in VSCode, and select the workspace titled `vscode`.
Then, open the debug panel by clicking the `Run and Debug` icon on the sidebar, select the `Extension`
option from the top menu, and click start. A new window will launch with the title
`[Extension Development Host]`.

### Running Unit Tests

Note: Unit tests are those in files with extension `.unit.test.ts`.

1. Make sure you have compiled all code (done automatically when using incremental building)
1. Ensure you have disabled breaking into 'Uncaught Exceptions' when running the Unit Tests
1. For the linters and formatters tests to pass successfully, you will need to have those corresponding Python libraries installed locally
1. Run the Tests via the `Unit Tests`  launch option.

You can also run them from the command-line (after compiling):

```shell
npm run test:unittests  # runs all unit tests
npm run test:unittests -- --grep='<NAME-OF-SUITE>'
```

*To run only a specific test suite for unit tests:*
Alter the `launch.json` file in the `"Debug Unit Tests"` section by setting the `grep` field:

```js
    "args": [
        "--timeout=60000",
        "--grep", "<suite name>"
    ],
```
...this will only run the suite with the tests you care about during a test run (be sure to set the debugger to run the `Debug Unit Tests` launcher).

### Running Functional Tests

Functional tests are those in files with extension `.functional.test.ts`.
These tests are similar to system tests in scope, but are run like unit tests.

You can run functional tests in a similar way to that for unit tests:

* via the "Functional Tests" launch option, or
* on the command line via `npm run test:functional`

### Running System Tests

Note: System tests are those in files with extension `.test*.ts` but which are neither `.functional.test.ts` nor `.unit.test.ts`.

1. Make sure you have compiled all code (done automatically when using incremental building)
1. Ensure you have disabled breaking into 'Uncaught Exceptions' when running the Unit Tests
1. For the linters and formatters tests to pass successfully, you will need to have those corresponding Python libraries installed locally by using the `./requirements.txt` and `build/test-requirements.txt` files
1. Run the tests via `npm run` or the Debugger launch options (you can "Start Without Debugging").
1. **Note** you will be running tests under the default Python interpreter for the system.

*Change the version of python the tests are executed with by setting the `CI_PYTHON_PATH`.*

Tests will be executed using the system default interpreter (whatever that is for your local machine), unless you explicitly set the `CI_PYTHON_PATH` environment variable. To test against different versions of Python you *must* use this.

In the launch.json file, you can add the following to the appropriate configuration you want to run to easily change the interpreter used during testing:

```js
    "env":{
        "CI_PYTHON_PATH": "/absolute/path/to/interpreter/of/choice/python"
    }
```

You can also run the tests from the command-line (after compiling):

```shell
npm run testSingleWorkspace  # will launch the VSC UI
npm run testMultiWorkspace  # will launch the VSC UI
```
...note this will use the Python interpreter that your current shell is making use of, no need to set `CI_PYTHON_PATH` here.

*To limit system tests to a specific suite*

If you are running system tests (we call them *system* tests, others call them *integration* or otherwise) and you wish to run a specific test suite, edit the `src/test/index.ts` file here:

https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/b328ba12331ed34a267e32e77e3e4b1eff235c13/src/test/index.ts#L21

...and identify the test suite you want to run/debug like this:

```ts
const grep = '[The suite name of your *test.ts file]'; // IS_CI_SERVER &&...
```
...and then use the `Launch Tests` debugger launcher. This will run only the suite you name in the grep.

And be sure to escape any grep-sensitive characters in your suite name (and to remove the change from src/test/index.ts before you submit).

### Testing Python Scripts

The extension has a number of scripts in ./pythonFiles.  Tests for these
scripts are found in ./pythonFiles/tests.  To run those tests:

* `python2.7 pythonFiles/tests/run_all.py`
* `python3 -m pythonFiles.tests`

By default, functional tests are included.  To exclude them:

`python3 -m pythonFiles.tests --no-functional`

To run only the functional tests:

`python3 -m pythonFiles.tests --functional`

### Standard Debugging

Clone the repo into any directory, open that directory in VSCode, and use the `Extension` launch option within VSCode.

### Debugging the Python Extension Debugger

The easiest way to debug the Python Debugger (in our opinion) is to clone this git repo directory into [your](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/install-extension#_your-extensions-folder) extensions directory.
From there use the ```Extension + Debugger``` launch option.

### Coding Standards

Information on our coding standards can be found [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.md).
We have CI tests to ensure the code committed will adhere to the above coding standards. *You can run this locally by executing the command `npx gulp precommit` or use the `precommit` Task.

Messages displayed to the user must be localized using/created constants from/in the [localize.ts](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/src/client/common/utils/localize.ts) file.

## Development process

To effectively contribute to this extension, it helps to know how its
development process works. That way you know not only why the
project maintainers do what they do to keep this project running
smoothly, but it allows you to help out by noticing when a step is
missed or to learn in case someday you become a project maintainer as
well!

### Helping others

First and foremost, we try to be helpful to users of the extension.
We monitor
[Stack Overflow questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/visual-studio-code+python)
to see where people might need help. We also try to respond to all
issues in some way in a timely manner (typically in less than one
business day, definitely no more than a week). We also answer
questions that reach us in other ways, e.g. Twitter.

For pull requests, we aim to review any externally contributed PR no later
than the next sprint from when it was submitted (see
[Release Cycle](#release-cycle) below for our sprint schedule).

### Release cycle

Planning is done as two week sprints. We start a sprint every other Wednesday.
You can look at the newest
[milestone](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/milestones) to see when
the current sprint ends. All
[P0](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/P0) issues are expected
to be fixed in the current sprint, else the next release will be blocked.
[P1](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/P1) issues are a
top-priority and we try to close before the next release. All other issues are
considered best-effort for that sprint.

The extension aims to do a new release every four weeks (two sprints). A
[release plan](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/release%20plan)
is created for each release to help track anything that requires a
person to do (long-term this project aims to automate as much of the
development process as possible).

All development is actively done in the `master` branch of the
repository. This allows us to have a
[development build](#development-build) which is expected to be stable at
all times. Once we reach a release candidate, it becomes
our [release branch](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python/branches).
At that point only what is in the release branch will make it into the next
release.

### Issue triaging

#### Classifying issues

To help actively track what stage
[issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/issues)
are at, various labels are used. The following label types are expected to
be set on all open issues (otherwise the issue is not considered triaged):

1. `needs`/`triage`/`classify`
1. `feature`
1. `type`

These labels cover what is blocking the issue from closing, what is affected by
the issue, and what kind of issue it is. (The `feature` label should be `feature-*` if the issue doesn't fit into any other `feature` label appropriately.)

It is also very important to make the title accurate. People often write very brief, quick titles or ones that describe what they think the problem is. By updating the title to be appropriately descriptive for what _you_ think the issue is, you not only make finding older issues easier, but you also help make sure that you and the original reporter agree on what the issue is.

#### Post-classification

Once an issue has been appropriately classified, there are two keys ways to help out. One is to go through open issues that
have a merged fix and verify that the fix did in fact work. The other is to try to fix issues marked as `needs PR`.

### Pull requests

Key details that all pull requests are expected to handle should be
in the [pull request template](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md). We do expect CI to be passing for a pull request before we will consider merging it.

### Versioning

Starting in 2018, the extension switched to
[calendar versioning](http://calver.org/) since the extension
auto-updates and thus there is no need to track its version
number for backwards-compatibility. In 2020, the extension switched to
having the the major version be the year of release, the minor version the
release count for that year, and the build number is a number that increments
for every build.
For example the first release made in 2020 is `2020.1.<build number>`.

## Releasing

Overall steps for releasing are covered in the
[release plan](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/release%20plan)
([template](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/.github/release_plan.md)).


### Building a release

To create a release _build_, follow the steps outlined in the [release plan](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/labels/release%20plan) (which has a [template](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/blob/master/.github/release_plan.md)).

## Development Build
If you would like to use the latest version of the extension as committed to `master` that has passed our test suite, then you may set the `"python.insidersChannel"` setting to `"daily"` or `"weekly"` based on how often you would like the extension to check for updates. 

You may also download and install the extension manually from the following
[location](https://pvsc.blob.core.windows.net/extension-builds/ms-python-insiders.vsix).
Once you have downloaded the
[ms-python-insiders.vsix](https://pvsc.blob.core.windows.net/extension-builds/ms-python-insiders.vsix)
file, please follow the instructions on
[this page](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_install-from-a-vsix)
to install the extension. Do note that the manual install will not automatically update to newer builds unless you set the `"python.insidersChannel"` setting (it will get replaced with released versions from the Marketplace once they are newer than the version install manually).
