resources/report_issue_template.md, before:

---
name: General bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
labels: classify, type-bug
---

<!-- Please search existing issues to avoid creating duplicates. -->

## Environment data

-   VS Code version:
-   Extension version (available under the Extensions sidebar):
-   OS and version:
-   Python version (& distribution if applicable, e.g. Anaconda):
-   Type of virtual environment used (N/A | venv | virtualenv | conda | ...):
-   Relevant/affected Python packages and their versions:
-   Relevant/affected Python-related VS Code extensions and their versions:
-   Value of the `python.languageServer` setting:

[**NOTE**: If you suspect that your issue is related to the Microsoft Python Language Server (`python.languageServer: 'Microsoft'`), please download our new language server [Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance) from the VS Code marketplace to see if that fixes your issue]

## Expected behaviour



## Actual behaviour



## Steps to reproduce:

[**NOTE**: Self-contained, minimal reproducing code samples are **extremely** helpful and will expedite addressing your issue]

1.

<!--
Note: If you think a GIF of what is happening would be helpful, consider tools like https://www.cockos.com/licecap/, https://github.com/phw/peek or https://www.screentogif.com/ .
-->

## Logs

<details>

<summary>Output for <code>Python</code> in the <code>Output</code> panel (<code>View</code>→<code>Output</code>, change the drop-down the upper-right of the <code>Output</code> panel to <code>Python</code>)
</summary>

<p>

```
XXX
```

</p>
</details>

Commit message:

SImplify issue template for "Report Issue" command (#15682)

resources/report_issue_template.md, after:

<!-- Please search existing issues to avoid creating duplicates;
     https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Atype-bug
-->

# Behaviour

[**NOTE**: If you suspect that your issue is related to the Microsoft Python Language Server (`python.languageServer: 'Microsoft'`), please download our new language server [Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance) from the VS Code marketplace to see if that fixes your issue]


## Expected

XXX

## Actual

XXX

## Steps to reproduce:

[**NOTE**: Self-contained, minimal reproducing code samples are **extremely** helpful and will expedite addressing your issue]

1.

<!--
Note: If you think a GIF of what is happening would be helpful, consider tools like https://www.cockos.com/licecap/, https://github.com/phw/peek or https://www.screentogif.com/ .
You can attach such things **after** you create your issue on GitHub.
-->

# Diagnostic data

-   Python version (& distribution if applicable, e.g. Anaconda): XXX
-   Type of virtual environment used (e.g. conda, venv, virtualenv, etc.): XXX
-   Value of the `python.languageServer` setting: XXX

<details>

<summary>"Python" channel in the OUTPUT panel</summary>

<p>

<!-- Run the "Python: Show Output" command to see the requested output. --->
```
XXX
```

</p>
</details>
