.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
labels: classify, type-bug
---

<!-- Please search existing issues to avoid creating duplicates. -->

## Environment data

- VS Code version: XXX
- Extension version (available under the Extensions sidebar): XXX
- OS and version: XXX
- Python version (& distribution if applicable, e.g. Anaconda): XXX
- Type of virtual environment used (N/A | venv | virtualenv | conda | ...): XXX
- Relevant/affected Python packages and their versions: XXX
- Language Server (more info #3977): Jed/Language Server

## Expected behaviour

XXX

## Actual behaviour

XXX

## Steps to reproduce:
1. XXX

<!--
Note: If you think a GIF of what is happening would be helpful, consider tools like https://www.cockos.com/licecap/, https://github.com/phw/peek or https://www.screentogif.com/ .
-->

## Logs
Output for `Python` in the `Output` panel (`View`→`Output`, change the drop-down the upper-right of the `Output` panel to `Python`)

```
XXX
```

Output from `Console` under the `Developer Tools` panel (toggle Developer Tools on under `Help`; turn on source maps to make any tracebacks be useful by running `Enable source map support for extension debugging`)

```
XXX
```

Commit message:

Make it more obvious people need to specify what IntelliSense provider they are using

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
labels: classify, type-bug
---

<!-- Please search existing issues to avoid creating duplicates. -->

## Environment data

- VS Code version: XXX
- Extension version (available under the Extensions sidebar): XXX
- OS and version: XXX
- Python version (& distribution if applicable, e.g. Anaconda): XXX
- Type of virtual environment used (N/A | venv | virtualenv | conda | ...): XXX
- Relevant/affected Python packages and their versions: XXX
- Jedi or Language Server? (i.e. what is `"python.jediEnabled"` set to; more info #3977): XXX

## Expected behaviour

XXX

## Actual behaviour

XXX

## Steps to reproduce:
1. XXX

<!--
Note: If you think a GIF of what is happening would be helpful, consider tools like https://www.cockos.com/licecap/, https://github.com/phw/peek or https://www.screentogif.com/ .
-->

## Logs
Output for `Python` in the `Output` panel (`View`→`Output`, change the drop-down the upper-right of the `Output` panel to `Python`)

```
XXX
```

Output from `Console` under the `Developer Tools` panel (toggle Developer Tools on under `Help`; turn on source maps to make any tracebacks be useful by running `Enable source map support for extension debugging`)

```
XXX
```
